Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Hi.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So, the client budget calculator, it's an easy-to-access store.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So, wherein, by just plugging the numbers, we'll be able to get to know, like, how many participants we can afford for this particular project. Now, here you will see, like, 4 tabs.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: One is assumptions.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Second is simulator.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: On the calculator, Then, staff detailing.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So, in staff detailing, Where we'll be giving the… designation?
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And the FT, as per the project, And their annual salary?
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And the fringe benefits… Then it'll automatically calculate the total value here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And this is a baseline which we have considered for each.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: designation here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: mouth.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: What happens here is.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Once we update these details, these details will get updated over here into the staff cost directly.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Now, whenever, if there is any change in a position, or if you want to add any position, you can add or remove here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And you can just update the effort and annual salary, so it will automatically calculate.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: I'll enter door here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: When it comes to the simulator.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: This is where the values will be auto-populated from there, so the background calculation, which is happening here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And please change the details as it is necessary, based on the project, and if it… when insurance increases, decreases. So all we need to do is update the details.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: As you can see here, this is linked to the assumptions, because other direct costs are taken from here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Which we can see that how even it is calculated by the logic.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So it is pretty straightforward from here. So once, if you want to update direct costs, go to Assumptions and Update.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And if you want the position details to get updated, updating staffing detail.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Then, it will calculate the total amounts here.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And it'll give you the amount which we need.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Or, which is gonna be spent for this particular project.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So here, we can see the indirect rate and the participants are highlighted.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Why? Because?
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: We can change these values.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Let's say if you want to check for… let's say… around 100 participants.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So, I'll get to know this count. And…
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: Since we have already given the base training here, based on that base training, it will automatically calculate.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: How many staff is required to complete the project?
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And the star detailing also will change, vice versa, based on it.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: And even we can change the indirect rate, like, 25%, 20%.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So, basically, we can change the data as we need it.
Jagadeesh Kumar Gorla: So this is how the client budget calculator works.